Update Svelte Setup to reflect current preferred testing framework (#1123)
testing-library/testing-library-docs: docs/svelte-testing-library/setup.mdx

    

    ```
    npm install --save-dev @sveltejs/vite-plugin-svelte vite
    ```

4.  Add a `vitest.config.ts` configuration file to the root of your project

    ```js
    import { defineConfig } from 'vite';
    import { svelte } from '@sveltejs/vite-plugin-svelte';

    export default defineConfig({
        plugins: [svelte({ hot: !process.env.VITEST })],
        test: {
            include: ['src/**/*.{test,spec}.{js,mjs,cjs,ts,mts,cts,jsx,tsx}'],
            globals: true,
            environment: 'jsdom'
        }
    });

    ```

5.  This is optional but it is recommended, you can install
    [jest-dom](https://github.com/testing-library/jest-dom) to add handy
    assertions to Jest

    5.1 Install `jest-dom`

    ```
    npm install --save-dev @testing-library/jest-dom
    ```

    5.2 import `@testing-library/jest-dom` at the start of your test files

    ```js
    import '@testing-library/jest-dom';
    ```

6.  Create your component and a test file (checkout the rest of the docs to see how)
    and run the following command to run the tests.

    ```
    npm run test
    ```  
### SvelteKit

> If you want to use Vitest with SvelteKit you can install `vitest-svelte-kit` which includes a preconfigured Vitest configuration for SvelteKit projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Vitest with SvelteKit install `vitest-svelte-kit`, which includes a preconfigured Vitest configuration for SvelteKit projects.
```

> To install simply follow the instructions over at [vitest-svelte-kit](https://github.com/nickbreaton/vitest-svelte-kit/tree/master/packages/vitest-svelte-kit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can take a look at the [`vitest-svelte-kit` configuration docs](https://github.com/nickbreaton/vitest-svelte-kit/tree/master/packages/vitest-svelte-kit#configuring) for further instructions.
```
